Utility/Evernote2Blog/Readme.md, before:

#Purpose

I create Evernote2Blog utility to convert my evernote's notes to blog of metaweblog type.
This utility use evernote's dev token and noteStore url (these information you can get from evernote dev site. https://www.evernote.com/api/DeveloperToken.action) to access your evernote account, and get your notebooks' notes. After got that data, use metaweblog api to publish new blog  according your blog configuration.


#Configuration
This utility use three config files.

######"config" 
config your auth token, notestoreUrl, username, password, and so on. May be like this:  
    	"authToken":"your evernote dev auth token",  
    	"noteStoreUrl":"your evernote store",  
    	"blogServer":"http://your blog api url",  
    	"blogName":"your blog name",  
    	"blogUrl":"your blog url",  
    	"blogNewPostUrl":"your new post need to ping",  
    	"blogRSS":"your rss url",  
    	"username":"",  
    	"password":"",  


######"existedBlog" 
config you do not want to synced notes' title. If you add notes' title to this file, those notes can not be published to blog.
After every note published successfully, utility will add note's title to this config file.      

  
######"pingcfg"
 config your ping service after publish new blog.

Commit message:

add evernote-sdk-python3 url

Utility/Evernote2Blog/Readme.md, after:

#Purpose

I create Evernote2Blog utility to convert my evernote's notes to blog of metaweblog type.
This utility use evernote's dev token and noteStore url (these information you can get from evernote dev site. https://www.evernote.com/api/DeveloperToken.action) to access your evernote account, and get your notebooks' notes. After got that data, use metaweblog api to publish new blog  according your blog configuration.

Before use this utility, you need get evernote-sdk-python3 source code from https://github.com/evernote/evernote-sdk-python3 firtst. 

#Configuration
This utility use three config files.

######"config" 
config your auth token, notestoreUrl, username, password, and so on. May be like this:  
    	"authToken":"your evernote dev auth token",  
    	"noteStoreUrl":"your evernote store",  
    	"blogServer":"http://your blog api url",  
    	"blogName":"your blog name",  
    	"blogUrl":"your blog url",  
    	"blogNewPostUrl":"your new post need to ping",  
    	"blogRSS":"your rss url",  
    	"username":"",  
    	"password":"",  


######"existedBlog" 
config you do not want to synced notes' title. If you add notes' title to this file, those notes can not be published to blog.
After every note published successfully, utility will add note's title to this config file.      

  
######"pingcfg"
 config your ping service after publish new blog.
